I tend to take a cosmic
perspective us let me pose the
question differently
there's this spec call earth
sitting in the boy up space in
orbit around
and average stock your life
forms on that speck
call humans who are so sure
that on that speck on the
solutions to all their problems
on that speck that the rest have
this universe
should be neglected until the
day
that all their problems are
solved on that subject
that so I view question we have
energy problems down here the
universe
has limitless supply of energy
where people fighting wars
over resource the rock
asteroids that have more gold
on them then have ever been
mined in the history of the
world what is it you want to do
people condemn
I have a problem 0 solve the
problem here
as well exploration comes with
dangers
risks but above all else
comes with rewards rewards have
help
well longevity you should never
say
explore here not there she never
legislate
what frontier gets breach next
could you don't know what's on
the other side either those
frontiers
you have no idea I don't have
any idea a colleague of mine
is an expert in studying atomic
nuclei he found out that nuclei
resonate with magnetic fields
that are placed across that he
won the Nobel Prize
for that discovery later on a
medical technologist says
hey wait a minute that little
nucleus with the resonance
with the with their magnetic I
could break a machine out of
that and i cant identify
certain Adams inside your body
that are not good
she a Kansas of tissue inside
your body after that came
magnetic resonance imaging the
Mr
don't ever tell me which
direction
frontier should research and
presume that you know the answer
that you want to have on the
other side at Baruch
the history of this exercise
does not bear that out